feat: Add example of very simple topology (#206)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-landing-zone: examples/one-vpc-one-vsi/README.md

# One VPC, with one VSI

This example can be used as a starting point to incrementally add more capabilities, as part of a Proof of Concept for instance.

An example showing how the landing-zone module can be used to create a basic, minimal topology by using an `override.json` file:

> 1. One single VPC:
>    - Named "management" in this example
>    - 3 subnets across the 3 availability zone to host VSIs
>    - Default, open network ACLs
> 2. One single VSI:
>    - Named 'jump-box' in this example
>    - Located in one of the 'vsi' subnets of the VPC
>    - Publicly exposed via a floating IP.
>    - Open Security Groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A single VPC:
   - Named `management` in this example
   - Includes three subnets across the three availability zone to host VSIs
   - Default, open network ACLs
2. One single VSI:
   - Named 'jump-box' in this example
   - Located in one of the 'vsi' subnets of the VPC
   - Publicly exposed via a floating IP address.
   - Open security groups
```

> This example also create the minimum encryption and audit infrastructure:
> - Key protect instance and key used to encrypted the VSI boot volume
> - Activity Tracker infrastructure (activity tracker route to an encrypted COS bucket storing audit events)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example also creates the minimum encryption and audit infrastructure.
- A Key Protect instance and key that is used to encrypt the VSI boot volume
- The Activity Tracker infrastructure (Activity Tracker route to an encrypted COS bucket that stores audit events)
```
